boards: adafruit: add initial support for feather m4 express (#81081)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/adafruit/feather_m4_express/doc/index.rst

.. zephyr:board:: adafruit_feather_m4_express

Overview
********

The Adafruit Feather M4 Express is a compact, lightweight
ARM development board with an onboard mini NeoPixel, 2 MiB
of SPI flash, charging status indicator and user LEDs, USB
connector, 21 GPIO pins and a small prototyping area.

> 
> .. image:: img/adafruit_feather_m4_express.jpg
>      :align: center
>      :alt: Adafruit Feather M4 Express

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

with the on-chip PLL generating the 120 MHz system clock.

Serial Port
===========

The SAMD51 MCU has 6 SERCOM based USARTs.  On the Feather, SERCOM5 is
the Zephyr console and is available on pins 0 (RX) and 1 (TX).

SPI Port
========

The SAMD51 MCU has 6 SERCOM based SPIs.  On the Feather, SERCOM1 can be put
into SPI mode and used to connect to devices over the SCK (SCLK), MO (MOSI), and
MI (MISO) pins.

PWM
===

The SAMD51 has three PWM generators with up to six channels each.  :code:`TCC_0`
has a resolution of 24 bits and all other generators are 16 bit.  :code:`TCC_1`
pin 2 is mapped to PA18 (D7) and pin 3 is mapped to PA19 (D9).

USB Device Port
===============

The SAMD51 MCU has a USB device port that can be used to communicate
with a host PC.  See the :ref:`usb` sample applications for
more, such as the :zephyr:code-sample:`usb-cdc-acm` sample which sets up a virtual
serial port that echos characters back to the host PC.

Programming and Debugging
*************************

The Feather ships with a the BOSSA compatible UF2 bootloader.  The
bootloader can be entered by quickly tapping the reset button twice.

> Additionally, if :code:`CONFIG_USB_CDC_ACM` is enabled then the bootloader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_CDC_ACM` is enabled then the bootloader
```

Author: fixed

.. _adafruit_feather_m4_express:

Adafruit Feather M4 Express
#############################

Overview
********

The Adafruit Feather M4 Express is a compact, lightweight
ARM development board with an onboard mini NeoPixel, 2 MiB
of SPI flash, charging status indicator and user LEDs, USB
connector, 21 GPIO pins and a small prototyping area.

.. image:: img/adafruit_feather_m4_express.jpg
     :align: center
     :alt: Adafruit ItsyBitsy M4 Express

Hardware
********

- ATSAMD51J19A ARM Cortex-M4 processor at 120 MHz
- 512 KiB of flash memory and 192 KiB of RAM
- 2 MiB of SPI flash
- Internal trimmed 8 MHz oscillator
- A user LED
- An RGB NeoPixel LED
- Native USB port
- One reset button

Supported Features
==================

> The adafruit_feather_m4_express board configuration supports the following

Author: Done
